# Revature Weekly Coding Challenge: 07 March 2022

I had to delete my old archive of this and copy everything over; that is why the whole program just "appears".<br>

## Java/.NET/Python
Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:
<br>1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...
<br>
<br>By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

## JavaScript
Write a recursive function that filters the items in an array (given as parameter arr) by positional parity (odd or even), given as parameter par, starting from the opposite end. Return an array of items on odd positions (... 5, 3, 1) or on even positions (... 6, 4, 2) and counting from the last item in the array.

### Examples:
<code>getItemsAt([2, 4, 6, 8, 10], "odd") ➞ [2, 6, 10]</code>
<br><code>// 2, 6 & 10 occupy the 5th, 3rd and 1st positions from right.</code>
<br><code>// Odd positions, hence the parity, and from the opposite.</code>
<br>
<br><code>getItemsAt(["E", "D", "A", "B", "I", "T"], "even") ➞ ["E", "A", "I"]</code>
<br><code>// E, A and I occupy the 6th, 4th and 2nd positions from right.</code>
<br><code>// Even positions, hence the parity, and from the opposite.</code>
<br>
<br><code>getItemsAt([")", "(", "*", "&", "^", "%", "$", "#", "@", "!"], "even") ➞ [")", "*", ^", "$", "@"]</code>
<br><code>getItemsAt(["A", "R", "B", "I", "T", "R", "A", "R", "I", "L", "Y"], "even") ➞ ["R", "I", "R", "R", "L"]</code>

### Notes'
<ul>
  <li>Arrays are zero-indexed, so, <code>index + 1 = position</code> or <code>position - 1 = index</code>.</li>
  <li>Items in the array may contain duplicates. See example #4.</li>
  <li>The last item in the array is always the first item to start a positional count.</li>
  <li>The sequence of the items in the resulting array should be retained (i.e. example #1 - 6 should come after 2 and before 10, example #2 - "A" should come after "E" and before "I").</li>
</ul>
